[WEB-288] update access control guide (#183)
smallstep/docs: src/pages/docs/ssh/acls.mdx

### Step 2: Grant User Group Access to Host(s)

On your Smallstep Dasbhoard.
* Select the "Users" tab on the right hand navigation bar.
* Choose the "GROUPS" tab

![](/graphics/quickstart/acl-select-idp-group.png)

* Select the User Group that you want to configure for access control. You will see the user group detail page with a list of existing Host Grants and a form to add additional grants.
* Select "Edit" from the kebab menu to the right of the Group's name.
  * Enter the tag values from Step 1
  * If Sudo access is permitted for this user group, select the "Allow Sudo" checkbox
  * Click the checkbox to enable access control

> * **Optional**. Assign Posix Groups. Smallstep now supports posix group support on hosts running step-ssh version 0.22.0 and greater so SSH Pro users can have more granular access to Hosts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Optional**. Assign POSIX Groups. Smallstep now supports POSIX groups on hosts running `step-ssh` version 0.22.0 or greater. SSH Professional users can have more granular access to Hosts. 
```

I'm not 100% clear on what the last sentence about "granular access to hosts" means

Author: To be fair. I'm not either, I've just heard that phrase referenced a lot when customers asked for the feature

Author: going to just remove it.

> **Managed Groups** are posix groups that you want smallstep to create or delete on your Hosts.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Managed Groups** are POSIX groups that you want Smallstep to create or delete on your Hosts.
```

> **Unmanaged Groups** are posix groups such as  ***fax*** or  ***floppy*** that are default or already exist on the Host. Groups members will have permissions assigned to these groups.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Unmanaged Groups** are the default POSIX groups such as  ***fax*** or  ***floppy*** that already exist on the Host. Groups members will have permissions assigned to these groups.
```

>   * In the example below we are adding the group to one unmanaged group ***floppy*** and and managed group ***sre-team***

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * In the example below, we are adding users in the Smallstep group **okta-isvtest-ssh** to one unmanaged POSIX group (***floppy***) and one managed POSIX group (***sre-team***)
```

* **Optional**. Assign Certificate Principals. Smallstep now supports adding additional prinicals to user certificates. A **Principal** is a string that allows access to a host, or even a specific user on a host.

> Users in the assigned group will be able to access smallstep managed hosts as that user.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Users in the assigned group will be able to access Smallstep-managed hosts as that user, whether or not the user is managed by Smallstep. Adding a user as a certificate principal does not enable full lifecycle management for that user.
```

>   * In the example below we are adding the principal ***craig*** to the Group.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * In the example below we are adding the principal ***craig*** to certificates issued for the Group **okta-isvtest-ssh**.
```

![](/graphics/quickstart/acl-grant-access.png)

* All users in the group now have access to all hosts with the specified tag combination.

> **Posix Groups** Smallstep now gives SSH professional accounts the ability to map  Groups to Posix Groups on Hosts. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**POSIX Groups** SSH Professional accounts can map Smallstep Groups to POSIX Groups on Hosts. 
```
